Okay,
we are live. Hi folks.
Another milestone in stars.
That's not bad.
Was the big Twitter thing, but look at
that. It's still like still got that
nice bit of growth here in the last
couple weeks.
Very nice.
We're going to do some research today.
Oh, I wasn't on the right screen.
There we go.
3.4.
Look at that little bit of research.
That little bit of growth here.
So many nice Sims.
do some research.
We're going to attempt to
This is
second to last day. Well, it depends how
you count. Second or third to last
really bad day of diet.
Crazy cut.
I have a little bit of energy left
though.
Got through my morning exercise
and um
took care of some business stuff for
Puffer.
Now we get to look at this. So, they're
kind of two different things here I want
to show you. The first is we've got this
nice graph where basically and we have
we're going to have to change this up a
little bit, but we have solves of the
environment
uh at all sorts of different data sizes
all the way down to a million steps. I
didn't try lower than this, but maybe we
could even solve with less, right? But
that was with frame skip being uh tuned
as well.
So here,
this is where things get sketchy. Like,
for some reason, it seems very difficult
to sweep um
without the frame skip,
even though I'm pretty sure we have
params that work for this.
So, I think what we're going to do, it's
it's only three now. I typically I have
until 6ish,
so three hours to do a decent block
worth of analysis
and maybe run some more experiments and
get some cool graphs.
And uh we might also have time, we'll
see, to merge another end or two.
Take a quick check on the development
channel.
normal support things.
All right,
start with this one.
Well,
right. So
depth scores costs All right.
First, let's just try this real quick.
We'll just do
this will just be what? X-axis steps
cost
something like this, right?
Yeah, something's weird there.
Am I in the right
on the right box?
Yeah, I'm on the right box. So, what's
what's going on here?
Well, I'm looking at this being better
right here. Right.
Make sure I'm on the right box.
I'm on the right box.
This is the one that has Oh, wait. We do
have frame skip on.
Something weirdo happened then.
Yeah, something bizaro happened. Hang
on.
I think we're just like on the wrong
box. Just one second.
All
right. So, this is going to be
steps cost,
right?
There we go.
And I believe this is actually seconds,
right? Yeah, this is second.
Okay, so this is actually quite weird,
right? The fact that
the fact that we don't have fast solves
of this is weird.
Like they shouldn't all be up here at
30.
Yeah. And the fact that we have
the second fastest solve at literally a
million steps is also very weird.
Hey, Kvert. Welcome.
What the heck would do this?
Like we have a bunch of solves now, but
we don't have our compute data tradeoff.
Is it possible?
Is there just something screwy with the
costs that could mess up a whole bunch
of stuff come to think of it?
Be kind of surprised though, right?
Oh, wait. What if it included the eval
times? That would screw it up, wouldn't
it?
Yeah, that could screw it up.
Doesn't look like it could.
Doesn't look like it could though.
I mean, I could just like try it, right?
like go find one of these settings.
What are we going to do?
Hello, Jess. Welcome.
game plan per stream.
We're just trying to get this compute
data trade-off stuff to make sense.
That's all.
Well, there are some screwy freaking
hypers.
I don't see anything that would cause
this to be slow.
We have numb mini batches in here. 32.
Okay, this is really sus to me because
I don't think this should be that slow
unless is it few ends.
Oh, do we not know how many M's there
are? That would be bad.
So, it could be that they're just too
few environments.
No, because wait, batch size. We know
batch size.
Something's just wrong.
FBR, welcome.
Uh,
something is just
Let's see if this does anything. Right.
Oh, I guess it's actually super annoying
when you think about it.
I don't have frame skip or anything. I
don't have the end params.
Does this not seem super wrong though?
Wait, this is like giga wrong, isn't it?
Nothing's getting freaking swept.
Right.
What?
Yeah. Like nothing's getting swept.
Something's screwy.
Oh, this looks to me like actually
default hypers, doesn't it?
Isn't this legit like literal defaults?
So, this point out here was the
defaults.
And it never did better than this. Is
that what I mean? Like I'm getting from
this.
How the heck would that happen?
Well, I mean, first of all, 23 seconds.
Like, what the heck? The costs are
totally messed up.
How could the cost possibly be 23
seconds?
understand this man.
And like additionally, right, the fact
that
when you take the frame skip out,
like we literally have params for a four
mil solve, right?
What do we get here?
Uh, agent steps are messed up in one,
right?
Yeah, something's super wrong.
Did just get zero points prior to eval
or something?
Oh, screwy.
really ran no you get it's a pretty
fancy mathematical model you can read my
article the algorithm is called protein
it's an algorithm that I came up with
based on a previous paper introduced an
algorithm called carbs
and I got to stop saying the name of the
algorithm because it makes me want a
hamburger
run reward. You don't need a paper. You
like you just treat them as
hyperparameters.
brain is like not
ears are just not turning.
See what we can do with this
this set of information. creatine
algorithm.
I actually don't use creatine in um
like in my training at all.
reward the agent for booking the box.
Optimal not any of that and just figure
it out.
We'll just copy the reward um
from in the box.
Well, you can start by just rewarding it
for winning and seeing what happens.
Well, I guess it depends what envy
you're looking at. If this is
hide-and-seek or whatever,
I'm trying to think what I want to do
with this
based on these sweeps. Give me a second.
Not really.
Depends on what you're doing.
You have all sorts of ends that are
sparse.
Just depends how sparse.
I'm trying to think how the heck we
could have possibly gotten this result.
Okay. I suppose
if the 4090s are super slow, right? Like
I've seen them not scale as nicely as
the 5090s with some of the batch sizes.
But like still, why
crap is so weird?
Like, so these are all points that are
solves. Okay.
Yes. No, that's me right now.
I actually felt great this morning, too.
But it turns out that basically fasting
for 16 or 17 hours and then having a
breakfast that you've literally burned
off with exercise before you even eat it
leaves you pretty tired.
It's crazy it found this point. Like
this is a pretty solid point down here,
right?
Well, it's definitely a screw up that I
don't have end parameters logged. That's
just dumb.
I can fix that.
But then like
this really shouldn't be a sweeping
issue. No.
Okay. I guess technically like
if for whatever reason
this baseline is just so much slower
that could mess up the sweep a fair bit.
Shouldn't be this much slower though.
Hang on. We have this one here. This is
the 12 Miller, right?
That's still like eight times slower or
whatever than the the 5090 run.
All right. Well, I mean, there are two
things that are just totally
brewing with me here.
Let me see if I figure out why this
doesn't solve. I'm pretty damn sure that
the point of this one. Yeah, this was
supposed to be a 4 million step sweep.
So, what what happened to this thing
that it's not a 4 million step sweep? Is
this just pure evals?
I guess this could technically be pure
evals.
I mean this would essentially say hey uh
we found a data point here one
data point above 20 score or at 20 Four,
right?
No frame skip.
See how this matches
and the containers crashed. Whatever.
Okay. Okay. I mean, so like
if this is correct, then it says
like you can get close to solve
and if you're really lucky, you can get
like a Honey.
Take a look at this.
pretty mixed gamas
update epox is getting well this doesn't
apply
value function
good amount variance on all this crap.
Num M's
actually likes to have a lot of M's.
Isn't that weird?
Wait, that's like super weird, right?
Maybe it's cuz it thinks it has to be
fast.
No, it shouldn't be.
4K mini batch.
Why is it all 4K
the best back here? But there's actually
not like a huge amount of sensitivity to
it
all over there.
So screwy.
a bunch of things bother me. Okay, at
least here, look, we have this clip
coefficient being relevant, right?
Because like below 02, it actually is
worse down here. That clip coefficient
actually matters that you sweep it.
And they're like
so many screwy things.
Guess it's not a huge number of M's.
Oh, actually, no. It's like a big That's
so weird.
Weep moment works.
[Music]
Never go lower.
This actually shouldn't even be that
hard of analysis. It's just not
clicking.
I think it should be at least.
Just need more data, don't we?
Whoops. There goes my light.
Well, I know one thing for sure, which
is if I do this cut again, I'm not doing
it for 6 weeks. Holy
Honestly,
just feels like sleep deprivation more
than anything.
Let me see if there's stuff I can get
done anyways on this.
We're not reviewing M in this state.
This would be disrespectful to the
contributors. I want to give like proper
code reviews when I do.
Can we determine Amen.
The fact that they total time steps gets
logged like that is so annoying, right?
Let's go off of the configs.
Okay. So, let's just assume, right?
Let's just assume that I did this thing
correctly.
We can also check the timings. We We can
check the timings. That will tell us
something, right?
Cuz up time
up time's going to be screwed up as
well, isn't it?
H wait, hang on, hang on. We have
something here, right?
Look at this. We have
almost all these come in under
under their allocated times almost all
of them.
You see this is 4 million steps.
So it's going to run all 4 million steps
then for basically all of these
except these two.
Okay. Okay, so if this is going to run
all 4 million steps
then and that's the actual number of
steps run. It just runs a crap ton of
evals.
Then let's check.
Okay, the score logs are super sparse.
Um, and it looks like actually if you
don't run long enough eval, you don't
even get anything.
But yeah, basically it's very difficult
it seems like for this thing to find.
like one of their earlier runs
16 epochs.
Tiny model.
Very tiny model.
Oops, not that one. How many M's?
An N
lot.
So
weird beta that's consistent
normalish ISL learning rate.
That's weird. It's very weird.
And this one's tiny model.
Oh, you know what?
It's basically out of compute time,
isn't it? Or no, it's not out of compute
time, right? Yeah. Yeah. Wait, it's not
out of compute time because this version
of the code doesn't have that.
But it is trying to minimize compute
time, right?
All right. Like, let me think if I can
summarize things that are weird here.
Right.
It's weird that it's so hard apparently
to get a sweep that works
uh without frame skip. You can't you can
barely solve the environment.
I mean realistically here.
I don't know, man.
I'm running on fumes.
uh yeah by default.
Yeah. So technically yeah by default
that's the way we have it implemented.
I actually don't know if that matches
the reference or not but that's how we
have it implemented.
Well, actually, hang on.
I guess what this is saying, right?
Let's think about this.
Why would this take so long?
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hang on.
I uh I I realized something.
Look at all these times.
This is saying 22 seconds, right?
22 seconds for these steps.
Isn't that weird?
Isn't that like super slow compared to
what we'd expect?
Yeah. So, this is the best solve and it
says 27
and it's counting.
All right. Yeah. This is counting the
whole thing, right? But
that doesn't sit right with me because
how, right? Like how?
16 epochs.
4096 M. That should be like a
respectable speed. Yeah.
Okay. And then like we do
we do training.
Do any of these prams look like they
should be screwy and slow?
I guess the mini batch size maybe, but
like
there's no way it's like 200k SPS,
right?
Do we go run this and just see what
happens?
Six update epochs. But do we use that? I
don't think we use that.
Oh,
apparently we do.
Okay, well that totally explains it.
Hang on.
Now it's six update epochs for some
bloody reason.
the hell.
That's so weird.
I believe it's that speed then.
But it cranked down the network size and
it cranked up the update epochs
to make it work.
Actually, how long does this thing
freaking take? Right.
If I just do this.
Oh, what? What the hell?
What the hell's wrong with this thing?
VML,
huh?
What the heck?
I didn't mess with drivers.
This will come back up if I reboot it.
That's bizarre.
So, higher update epoch is more sample
reuse.
I'm back in a minute.
I think I'm just going to make today a
short stream, though. I'm not feeling
this at all.
Like I'm just going to do a bunch of bad
like I'm going to do a bunch of bad
analysis like this. Maybe I can at least
start some more experiments. Bye. Yeah.
Uh, no. So, technically the cut is going
to be through Sunday.
Sunday after my run, I'm done.
Yeah. So, this is a 13sec.
Oh, but this doesn't get 20 score.
Okay.
Is there variance?
Okay. There's variance. I see a lot of
variance
few days are going to be the hardest.
Well, apparently, yeah, I've planned it
such that it's like a pretty maximal
thing.
I said it was going to be 6 weeks or as
soon as I start losing strength
and I have not lost any strength.
That's a lot of variance actually run to
run.
That would mess it up, wouldn't it?
Think. Well, the only one thing I know I
can do for sure without me messing
anything up
if I go to this box.
evaluate is at around 97% trans. That's
not good right now.
But is what it gives you more details
than that, right? It should tell you if
it's in the ford, the end copy or MISK.
You should know where your data is uh
your time is being spent. All
right.
do this.
His
runs were good
for 30% copy.
Uh, your obs are a little too big.
That's not the main thing, but your obs
are a little too big. And then you're
not running enough M's in parallel.
Probably it.
How many total agents worth of
environments do you have?
Okay, this is enough.
All right, that's it. Um,
we're going to have at least some data
that we're going to be able to graph
when I'm fresh.
It seems to me like
you can find hypers that work without
frame skip. It's very hard, but you can
do it.
Um,
and it seems it seems there's something
screwy on the timing.
Let me check one last thing. 18 M's,
four agents. Yeah, so you're trolling.
FBR, yeah, you're trolling. You don't
have any anywhere near enough M's.
Probably like a thousand agents worth of
M's or 2,000 agents worth of M's.
Go to bed early. Uh, it's not sleep
deprivation. It's It feels like it is,
but it's the cut.
I mean, I don't know. Preview.
Do I have pictures in the article to
even preview yet? Nah, there's nothing
to even show you all. You'll see the
article when it comes out on this, but
it is a
trying to think
this more brutal than the lifting blocks
I've run. I think so.
I think the lifting blocks I've run
haven't just felt me like left me
feeling so screwed up during the day.
The only thing that was harder, I'd say,
than this is
Pretty
much only the really long runs have been
harder than this of all the training
I've done
2K SPS.
Well, that's part of it though is the
thing FBR like
you have too small batches for it to be
that's just not how GPUs work. I don't
know how else to tell you like batches
that small. That's not how GPUs work.
Think so.
This is kind of it, right?
I mean this will be
Oh yeah. The one other thing I want to
check right.
Oh,
hang on. Hang on.
Uh, I see it. I see it.
Oh, no, no, no. Wait, do I have it?
Up time
agent steps. And these are both computed
off of this. Okay. No, never mind. It's
good.
Yeah. Yeah, this is fine.
Yeah, this is totally fine. Okay, we're
good. We're good. I have it implemented
correctly.
I'm going to leave it be. Uh there's no
point in sitting here when I'm this
tired and just like staring at my
screen. So, I'm going to call it just
super super short stream today. We at
least like checked over some
experiments. We launched some new ones.
Um, tomorrow's probably going to be the
same thing, honestly, because still
doing this.
Uh, I should be able to get at least a
few productive hours on Saturday
because, uh, I don't have to train on
Saturday, so I should at least be good
in the morning for a bit.
And then uh well actually
to be fair there's going to be a little
bit of a break on this stream because I
have to take care of some stuff in SF
early next week
and then later that week I'm flying
and I'm not going to have a stream set
up for a little bit. Maybe I set up
something on my laptop,
but at least for a few days I'm going to
be out.
But then I'll be back at the farm and
I'll be able to pretty much just do this
stuff
and I will actually have energy to do
so. So, we'll be able to do the next
research block. Um, and frankly, like
all the stuff that I'm working on right
now, like this was this is ahead of
schedule. Like I didn't plan on doing
this until I was back in back at the
farm anyways. So, this is kind of just
like all bonus head start on the next
block of research. Anyways,
um and we've gotten some solid results
already. So, all right. Thanks for
tuning in, folks. Um puffer.ai